[WIP] Telcodocs 266 Implementing Network Bound Disk Encryption (#36403)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nbde-compromise-of-key-material.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// security/nbde-implementation-guide.adoc

[id="nbde-compromise-of-key-material_{context}"]
= Rekeying compromised key material

> The compromise of individual key material on a Tang server, such as the physical theft of a Tang server or associated data, is cause to trigger the immediate rotation of keys. Specifically, perform the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If key material is potentially exposed to unauthorized third parties, such as through physical theft of a Tang server, immediately rotate the keys. 
```
Suggested change for simplified reading and for minimalism.

.Procedure

> . Rekey any Tang server holding the affected material.

Reviewer: This applies throughout this PR. 

```suggestion
. Re-key any Tang server holding the affected material.
```

Author: AFAIK, rekey is correct.

. Rekey all clients using the Tang server.
. Destroy the original key material.

> Carefully assess any compromise of key material that might have led to the compromise of the master encryption key on any given node. Ideally, take the server offline and perform a full re-encryption of its disk. Reformatting and reinstalling on the same physical hardware, although taking longer in clock time, is easier and more rigorously automated and tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Scrutinize any incidents that result in unintended exposure of the master encryption key. If possible, take compromised nodes offline and re-encrypt their disks.  

[TIP]
Reformatting and reinstalling on the same physical hardware, although slow, is easy to automate and test.
```

This seemed like an embedded optional step and a TIP.

Author: Good rewrite! Changed.
